<html><pre>
MINUTES WIS STEERING COMMITTEE MEETING OF May 18, 1994

Members of the steering committee met in Room E228 of the Otowi Building.
Attending members were:
    Shirley Herrera
    Deborah Kubicek
    Susan Roach
    Jo Skrivan
    Lynda Towers
    Trish Wright

Deborah received a list from Libby Haas of those LAWIS members who paid 
    their dues directly to the Network. A copy will be sent to Lois.

There was some discussion of NMNWSE (New Mexico Network for Women in Science
    and Engineering) and the Northern Chapter and LA WIS. When LA WIS
    joined the NMNWSE it became the Northern Chapter. But there were people
    in the Northern Chapter before we joined. These people are now part 
    of the former LAWIS. We need to add them to our membership list. We
    also need to start referring to ourselves as the Northern Chapter of 
    NMNWSE instead of LAWIS.

It was suggested that we need a membership person. No decision was made.

Deborah got the permit from the county for Urban park for the summer picnic.

Network Talk:
    A speaker needs to be found by the next meeting. Jo will take over 
    finding a speaker.  Lynda and Trish agreed to help if needed in calling
    prospective speakers.

    A suggestion was made to "sell" tickets to the lunch. We then do not 
    have to worry about checking people off. They just hand over a ticket. 
    The ticket could be used by another if unable to attend. Deborah agreed 
    to handle making of the tickets as well as collection of money.

    Deborah agreed to set up a Voice mail mailbox for the people on the 
    membership list. A notice about the upcoming Network meeting will be
    sent. This will be a trial to see if the mailbox will be effective.

    Shirley will update the lab info (Group, MS, work phone #) for the list 
    of members who work here at the Lab before the next meeting.

A suggestion was made to bring in noon speakers through out the summer to 
    get people interested in joining the Norther Chapter of NMNWSE (new year 
    begins October 1st). A possible noon time speaker for August could be 
    Donna Guiquenta (sp). Susan will handle this. Although she will be gone
    on July so will need some help on this.

The board decided not to ask for dues for this year from those whom have not
    paid yet. We will focus on recruiting and getting our act together for 
    the next year. We will solicit for dues and then send out delinquency
    notices. Those who do not pay will be dropped from the membership list.
    It was suggested that we maintain two membership lists: 
    active (paid/honorary) members and past (not paid) members. We then
    will have info on those we would like to recruit in the future.

Lynda agreed to head the organization for the Northern Chapters annual 
    meeting in September. At this meeting our officers will be elected.
    It was suggested to get a couple of people from the Network to come
    and talk about the Network and how the Northern Chapter fits in.

Lynda agreed to call Denise and Lois about creating a membership booklet.
    Susan will be a backup. It was agreed to model the booklet after the
    NMNWSE membership booklet. For the first go around we will only 
    organize it alphabetically. The database later needs to be expanded 
    in order to carry other information: degrees (when, field, where),
    what field to be listed under for occupation.

Next meeting will be around noon on Wednesday June 1st. Jo will call Karen 
    to arrange the room and send us all out notices. Deborah will not be able
    to attend to Susan will be taking minutes.


        ************************************************************
        **  Agenda items for June 1st Steering Committee Meeting  **
        ************************************************************

Summary of what has been accomplished since the last board meeting.

Network Talk:
    Date:    Tuesday June 21, 1994
    Time:    11:45am - 1:15pm (???)
    Speaker: 
    Price:   $     /person
    Menu:

Update membership information (Shirley/Lois)

Contact membership about surveys, dues and correct mailing addresses.

Create a membership booklet

Setting up Voice Mail mail box for WIS membership

Summarize the survey's last two questions (on hold for now)

Decide what the LAWIS "product" is 

Bylaws  (should be a subtask)
    - approval of changes
    - update board member duties
    - WIS name change
    - membership approval of changes

Recruitment
    - More Publicity

Mentoring/Aid UNM Coop program with UNM-LA

Talk about DOE study

(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)
(*)*(*)   Written:  5/24/94 by Deborah Kubicek - WIS Secretary  (*)*(*)
(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)
</pre></html>
