<html><pre>
MINUTES WIS STEERING COMMITTEE MEETING OF July 20, 1994

Members of the steering committee met in Room E128 of the Otowi Building.
Attending members were:
    Lois Dauelsberg
    Denise George
    Shirley Herrera
    Jo Irwin 
    Deborah Kubicek
    Susan Roach
    Karen Schultz Paige
    Wendee Brunish

Deborah handed out an updated board member information sheet. She asked if
    she could replace home addresses with email address. Agreed. This updated
    version now has pager numbers on it.

Summer Picnic:
    Deborah gave a summary of ticket sales (Great!). Both Deborah and Shirley
    have been receiving calls about the picnic and WIS. It was decided to 
    prepare a little more for the picnic. Jo and Susan will work on preparing
    some sort of brochure about WIS. Karen will update the membership survey
    so that it looks like an application and put dues info on it. The list
    of goods to buy was given to Shirley. A sign up list for other things 
    was passed around. We still need a gas grill if anyone has one to loan us.

Membership Applications:
    Concern was brought up about getting membership applications out to those 
    women who have attended WIS functions or who have showed an interest in
    WIS but who do not come to the picnic. Deborah will compile a list of these
    people. If anyone has names they think should be added to this list please 
    contact Deborah. We will then sent out applications and brochures to these
    people. There was mention of creating a membership packet.

Call from Wendee:
    Wendee attended a Leadership conference sponsored by AWIS. She would like 
    to give a one hour talk at LANL about the conference and have LAWIS 
    sponsor it. It would be open to all lab employees. She will be gone 
    Sept 7-14. Karen will call to schedule a large room for it. Jo will 
    take care of publicity (Newsbulletin and possibly a flier to WIS members).

August talk:
    Summary of handout by Susan: Thurs. Aug 25th. Socializing at 11:45. 
    Lunch at noon. Talk about 12:15. Alicia Lauritzen will talk on 
    "Changing Hurtful Encounters into Healing Experiences". $9.50 for 
    non-members, $7.50 for members (subsidized $2 by LAWIS) RSVP by Aug 18th 
    to Susan. Limit 30 people. Suggested that someone show up at least 1/2 hour 
    early. Sample tickets are fine. Susan will need 30 of them. Susan will
    prepare a flier to go out to the LAWIS membership.

New board member candidates: 
    Who is leaving: Lois, Shirley, Jo, Deborah, and Leslie 
    Who is staying: Denise, Karen, Lynda, Trish and Susan 
    Who would like to run again: Deborah, Jo maybe, and Shirley maybe
    Number of people we need to find: as many as possible
    Susan has volunteered to be a member of the Nominating Committee. Jo
    will contact Roberta Day Idzorek and Carol LaDelfe to either run for the
    board or be on the Nominating committee. We revisited the Bylaws on this 
    issue. Call for nominations need to be at least 6 weeks prior to the 
    Annual meeting. Mail ballots need to be sent out to the members at least 
    2 weeks prior to the Annual meeting. 

September Annual Membership meeting:
    Has been moved to the beginning of October sometime due to the talk by
    Wendee to be scheduled in September.  We believe Lynda is supposed 
    to be scheduling this. Deborah will contact her about her plans.

October Annual NMNWSE meeting:
    The details were relayed from the Network's Newsletter: Fri. Oct 21 -
        Sun. Oct 23rd at the Swiss Chalet in Ruidoso, NM. Registration will
        be $40 for members and $45 for non-members.

Deborah talked to dede Collins/Dues:
    The Los Alamos WIS IS the Northern Chapter of NMNWSE. The dues for next
    year will be $25 (of which $5 comes back to us) and will be due Oct 1st.
    They do expect some to trickle in later than that though. The board agreed
    to have the members send their member dues directly to LAWIS and then we
    send $20 of that onto NMNWSE. That way we will be able to keep better
    track of who has paid. The money will be sent to Lucille Forster, the
    Network's treasurer. Libby Haas is in charge of membership if we need to
    contact her for any reason. We will ask that dues be sent by mid Sept. 

Next Newsletter:
    Needs to be sent out around the end of August. See agenda for items
    that need to be included in it.

It was noticed that an EYH planning meeting has been scheduled for August 30th.
    This meeting needs to be organized.

Deborah suggested that each board member write an end-of-year summary of
    what they have done the past year. This should especially include 
    important details about how they did what. (eg. phone #s,
    software/hardware used, locations, lists of people, etc). It was
    suggested that this be completed before the members leaving have left.
    So probably one month before the Annual meeting. Deborah is
    collecting all software used (Newsletter, inkjet mailing lists,
    WIS member db information) in hopes to be able to make it easier for
    the next crew coming in.

The next Steering Committee Meeting will be Wed. August 3rd. Karen will make
    arrangements and send out announcements.



        *************************************************************
        **  Agenda items for Aug. 3rd  Steering Committee Meeting  **
        *************************************************************

Membership Packet 

August talk

Nominating Committee Summary:
    call for nominations 
        paragraph from nominations

    voting for nominations 
        create ballots
        collecting ballots
        counting

Wendee's talk Update 

October Los Alamos WIS Annual Membership meeting Update

Next Newsletter:
    Wendee Brunish's talk
    Membership dues for the '94 - '95 year
    Mail-in ballot for voting for new steering committee members
    LA WIS Annual Meeting
    NMNWSE Annual Meeting

EYH Planning meeting (Aug 30th)

Membership information subgroup status (Shirley/Lois/Deborah/Denise)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

End of Year summary from each board member

Treasurer accounts audit

Repository of all necessary computer stuff: membership info/database,
    mailing labels, letter head, membership applications, etc.

Next year's Membership Booklet

Summarize the survey's last two questions (on hold for now)

Decide what the LAWIS "product" is 

Bylaws  (should be a subtask)
    - approval of changes by membership
    - update board member duties
    - WIS name change
    - membership approval of changes

Setting up Voice Mail mail box for WIS membership - hold till next year

Mentoring/Aid UNM Coop program with UNM-LA

Talk about DOE study

(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)
(*)*(*)   Written:  7/21/94 by Deborah Kubicek - WIS Secretary  (*)*(*)
(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)
</pre></html>
