<html><pre>
                       Subject:                               Time:13:03
  OFFICE MEMO          LAWIS Meeting Notes 6/19/96            Date:6/20/96

The LAWIS Steering Committee met in Otowi E228 on June 19, 1996.

Those attending were Deborah Kubicek, Karen Schultz Paige, Libby Jones,
Diane Albert,  Trish Wright, Joyce Guzik, and Ginger Young.

The next meeting will be in the late July or early August time frame.
Karen will arrange the room, and send e-mail regarding the next meeting.

Agenda Items:

1.  Karen Will tell us what is up with the newsletter and Bonnie.

Bonnie is out on disability due to a family illness.  She regrets that
she does not have time to do the newsletter.  Joyce agreed to produce
the newsletter in the mean time.

Joyce needs articles no later than June 28th.  She is planning to
release a newsletter at the end of June or very early July.

Responsibilities for articles.
1. Karen with a note from the president.
2. Diane concerning her activities in the Diversity Group.
3. Ginger with a blurb on the picnic & hopefully a digital picture.
4.  Deborah with  information about the Annual Meeting.

2. Ginger will give an update about the picnic.
It looks like everything is running smoothly.  We need a couple of
recycle bins for people to put cans,  Ginger and Deborah will bring one.
Ginger will bring trash bags for overflow.

Re-cap of who's doing what on Thursday:
Ginger will bring  the food, plates, napkins, a grill, ice, recycle bin,
   digital camera, Ed to lend hand, & Ginger to grill.  Buy ice. Both will set-up.
Deborah will bring WIS flyers, mark-off ticket holders, bring a grill,
   recycle bin, and Jiri to grill, and she'll collect whatever money is due.
Diane will help clean up.

3.  Deborah update us on the status of the Annual Meeting.

The final versions for the Call for Abstracts & Registrations have gone to
Carol La Delfe.  Carol will post this information in the state newsletter.
The information is already on the web site.

Deborah is going to be the Mistress of Ceremony.  This means she will
start the function off with an announcement.  The announcement will be
for non-members.  Non-members will be allowed to put their extra $10
registration fee towards a membership.

Liz Stephanics will give a talk during Saturday's Lunch.  Although Ann is
looking for a Storyteller.  The story teller we were trying to get had to decline.
The price for the next choice is prohibitive ($3,000+).

Deborah has put together a proposal for the lapel pins.  She is presenting this
to the state board meeting at Karen's house on June 22.  Very briefly, the
proposal is for the state board to pay for the cost of the mold ($85-$62).
Each chapter could pay for their own lapel pins or key chains.

Deborah would like to order 200 items (which is at a cost break).  Of  these
150 will be lapel pins, and 50 will be key chains.  The lapel pins are to give
women at the Annual Meeting.  The key chains are for members who helped
organize the meeting.  Both can be for sale at the meeting.  The rest can
go back to the state board for later use.

Once the mold is made, more lapel pins or key chains can be made.
The company archives the mold for later use.
</pre></html>

