<html><pre>
MINUTES WIS STEERING COMMITTEE MEETING OF May 6, 1994

Members of the steering committee met in Room T258 of the Otowi Building.
Attending members were:
    Lois Dauelsberg
    Denise George
    Shirley Herrera
    Deborah Kubicek
    Susan Roach
    Karen Schultz Paige
    Jo Skrivan
    Leslie Swanson
    Lynda Towers
    Trish Wright

Trish Wright has agreed to replace the second board member for the next 
    year and a half. Welcome to the board Trish and Susan.

Deborah contacted DeDe Collins for a list of those LAWIS members who paid 
    their dues directly to the Network. DeDe said to contact Libby Haas.
    Tried but has not been able to.

The summer picnic is set for Friday July 29th. Karen will call to schedule 
    Urban Park. Deborah, Shirley, and Trish have volunteered to organize
    this event. Review of discussions: should ask for an RSVP, should charge 
    a "token" fee (e.g. $2/person, $5/family, students free, under a certain
    age for free).

The Network Talk has been changed from June 22nd to Tues June 21st due to
    a lack of rooms available. Karen will reserve two rooms. Each room can 
    hold up to 25 people. The lunch will be a catered buffet for a fee.
    It was decided to bring in an outside speaker in order to attract more 
    interest.  Denise will look into finding a contact for the Women's 
    Coalition Speakers Bureau for an outside speaker. Someone will contact
    the training & development office to get a copy of their list of 
    speakers/facilitators. Leslie will do the fliers for the Network Talk.

Several board info changes:
    Karen:  MS E525
    Trish:  MS E506           5-2499
    Susan:  MS H820           5-0946
    Leslie: MS C931   ESA-11  none   

Concern was raised again about the number of people who are not receiving 
    any mail from the WIS. It was therefore agreed that the board neededs 
    to contact not only those who had not returned their survey and/or dues 
    but also others to make sure we have their correct mailing addresses 
    and to make sure they are receiving mail.

Shirley will update the lab info (Group, MS, work phone #) for the list of 
    members who work here at the Lab.

Next meeting will be around noon on Wednesday May 18th. Karen will arrange 
    the room and send us all out notices. 


        ************************************************************
        **  Agenda items for May 18th Steering Committee Meeting  **
        ************************************************************

Summary of what has been accomplished since the last board meeting.

Summarize the survey's last two questions

Update membership information (dues)

Contact membership about surveys, dues and correct mailing addresses.

Create a membership booklet

Decide what the LAWIS "product" is 

Bylaws  (should be a subtask)
    - approval of changes
    - update board member duties
    - WIS name change
    - membership approval of changes

Networking Talk

Setting up Voice Mail mail box for WIS membership

Recruitment
    - More Publicity

Mentoring/Aid UNM Coop program with UNM-LA

Talk about DOE study

(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)
(*)*(*)   Written:  5/17/94 by Deborah Kubicek - WIS Secretary  (*)*(*)
(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)*(*)
</pre></html>
